Fix nlevp1 bug in dycore (#573)
C2SM/icon4py: model/atmosphere/dycore/README.md

Contains code ported from ICON `src/atm_dyn_iconam`, which is the dynamical core of the ICON model.

> ## Attention

Reviewer: I would rename this to something like *Treatment of variables with different vertical levels*

Author: Thanks for the good name. I will rename it.

Variables in ICON can either sit on full levels or half levels. Let's denote the number of full levels is nlev.
Full-level variables have nlev levels in vertical dimension, while half-level variables have nlev+1 in vertical dimension.

> Do not output full-level and half-level variables together when running a gt4py program if you need to access the nlev+1 level because it will cause random behavior (most probably illegal memory access).

Reviewer: Could you add a short explanation of *why* the random behaviour/out of bounds accesses are caused if we have a stencil where the output fields are half level and full level kdim variables, this isn't clear from the description and might be useful for the reader to understand.

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is important here to differentiate between a program and field_operator. If a `field_operator has 2 variables with different output domains (nlev and nlevp1) there will be a problem. However, you can do this in a program, by calling 2 different field_operators for the two variables with different domains, that will work.

Author: Thanks for the comment. I have modified to emphasize the point where the user cannot output 2 variables with different vertical domains in a `field_operator`.

> Do not output full-level and half-level variables together when running a gt4py program if you need to access the nlev+1 level because it will cause random behavior (most probably illegal memory access).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do not output full-level and half-level variables together when running a GT4Py program over nlev+1 levels because the nlev+1 level will also be written for a full-level variable, which is out-of-bounds.
```
The behavior is not random, only how it is observable. ;)

Author: Okay. Thanks.

The following code is an example:

```python
@field_operator
def foo(
    input_var,
    k_field,
    nlev,
):
    (half_level_var, full_level_var) =  where(
        (k_field >= 0) & (k_field < nlev),
        _compute_var(input_var),
        (half_level_var, full_level_var),
    )
    half_level_var = where(k_field == nlev, _init_cell_kdim_field_with_zero_vp(), half_level_var)
    return half_level_var, full_level_var

@program
def foo(
    input_var,
    k_field,
    nlev,
    full_level_var,
    half_level_var,
    horizontal_start,
    horizontal_end,
    vertical_start,
   vertical_end,
):
    _foo(
        input_var,
        k_field,
        nlev,
        out=(full_level_var, half_level_var),
        domain={
            CellDim: (horizontal_start, horizontal_end),
            KDim: (vertical_start, vertical_end),
        }
    )
)

foo(
    input_var=input_var,
    full_level_var=full_level_var,
    half_level_var=half_level_var,
    k_field=k_field,
    nlev=nlev,
    horizontal_start=start_cell,
    horizontal_end=end_cell,
    vertical_start=0,
    vertical_end=nlev + 1,
    offset_provider={},
)
```

> 

Reviewer: It might also be useful to include an example *pattern* of how to fix the broken code above, explaining how it works.

Author: True. I will add how it can be fixed in this example.
